This is followed by a full-fledged personality.
Oh skills you actually remove the program so that part 5
This is a tick apartment.
from is executed and now disk Part 1 program is executed
Status is
From our limits, we have to put this into command now.
Yes now experiment now
When you get some commands,
So let's do it all the time . 5
Now, how is it explained in Hangul?
For coming is to remember what it is now
Oh , it's hard. Oh , so now it's yogurt peddy.
I looked for meaning.
For starters need to overhear distinct
Press the four-part option, then press 5
Yo is now cdi.
Yeah, I did not , and I do not see it.
I looked it up once.
Yes, I have to do it first.
Association ppajindago that acupuncture is correct now of John
I do not know what the patent is yesterday
Which of the current patents to choose how the current staff is still 1
For him this word there is little to hold us check what you throw it stuck right now
The three representatives have the following materials
Next, click on Yes .
We did that is a deterrent
Now I need to set up the partitions.
character
Now, from now until here, you have been receiving the intelligence and now almost
install
When Zeta warms up, it 's all done.
Now,
Now, if the Restart
Once you start, you will be able to install Windows concepts on lte
Some characters in the Windows file node, right now eoeo Younha is now running as compared
That's it.
The message that you can not install on some strange message
I will not come out now .
I'm starting to get started now and now Kobe 5
The computer will now be properly installed.
Come on subsequent developments in the process of installing Windows because it describes the school
I do not think so.
Now, if you exercise lead
Now holding and now removing a couple of matches Now I'm going to say that the installation is complete
Now I have to train before I start installing Windows.
Get out the pages that you want to install the disk, the disk can find the media
So if you ask me that question on disk like now I have a hard disk fully shaft
If you do this after you install
Now, where are we going to do it?
What do you want to come to the level of something so out meokneunge
I am still ok now and have a wide opportunity to have everything functioning now
Perfect
Do the following: Select the trend
Click Next.
Yes upgrades, not user points So my 4
But what will happen, especially it ppunyijyo its previous status descriptions do not come here
I do not have a disk.
character